I knew about this long before Hannah
made her veto in fact I was the one who
pressured her to make Evita in for I was
the one who pressured to make her ego
Chicano just made me promise to not make
a big deal out of it but it can fairly
be said that I do not flatter my
audience I do not begin and end my
videos by saying you guys are the best I
miss you so much you light up my life
with your conference before my videos
know I produce a certain kind of
hard-hitting highly honest YouTube
content and I'd like to think my
audience repays my honesty with their
own honesty however in this case we're
dealing with a really complex
not it's been created by someone who has
been completely dishonest he's a bad
actor and a lot of people in the
audience have not have not been thinking
clearly even about the primary source
the type of material nor vegan produces
refutes itself it really doesn't need me
to refute it if you're just thinking
clearly or if you're sitting there with
graph paper charting out what he's
claiming and keeping track of the dates
trust me it refutes itself and I both
mean what he says in his incredibly long
video the unmasking part 5 and I also
mean the stuff he says about me there's
a lot of the same type of lie and
exaggeration so like his latest video
against me it's two hours long so he's
done more since then I can't say his
latest video Hey he's two-hour video
against me you know at several points
he's just sitting there saying oh what
kind of jobs do you think ISIL did what
kind of career did he have what what
kind of important I don't know and he's
just speculating wildly that as to what
kind of employment his Rev he also
states in the video that he and Hannah
Chloe received a copy of my CV my resume
apart from that you could know a lot
about my work history
just by coming here to my youtube
channel or going to my blog or going to
all the sources the Internet where I
talk about my life in a really honest
and open way he sits there and pretends
like oh well aisel has been lying about
having a master's degree when show me
one source you have my resume you have
my CV aisel you know the lying about
speaking Chinese when show me your
source you have my CV there are lies and
exaggerations stacked on at every stage
and the audience the audience is
deceived because they want to be
deceived it's not convincing
there's nothing convincing about his act
and we're gonna see that here shortly
all right okay okay last things first
let's do it in this order when noir
vegan tells you that the police in
Thailand were incompetent did none of
you stop to think
ask yourself or just pay attention to
what he says immediately after that what
did the Thai police do that was
incompetent does she name one thing the
Thai police did that was incompetent and
this is how incompetent the Thai police
we're know he mentions two things there
are great examples of the Thai police
being competent and him being a [ __ ]
artist who would not even back up his
own [ __ ] on the record now what are
those two things number one he mentioned
that there is some kind of recording of
Hannah Chloe and durianrider having sex
it is not clear if it's an audio
recording or a video recording it might
be audio only and he complains he
complains that the Thai police were
really interested in getting that
recording do you have any idea how much
you have just condemned yourself out of
your own mouth when we were at the
police station they were like obsessed
with this recording but Holly had
mentioned several times so from the
perspective of the competent police
there
was a high-profile shooting case in the
States I'm intentionally cut I'm not
gonna mention the name of the people who
were shot at the person in the shooting
there was a shooting in the United
States where a security guard killed a
young black male teenager I believe he
was still a teenager it was very
controversial there's a lot of news
coverage okay the police interrogated
the security guard who had shot this guy
so in this case there was no doubt about
who shot who the question was about the
motives and self-defense this kind of
thing they got his whole account and
then you know what the police say to him
they say to him don't worry we have the
whole thing on on security camera we
have the whole thing on videotape do you
know why they said that to see his
reaction some guys when you take them in
and interrogate them and they give you a
whole story and then you tell them don't
worry I'm sure your story is true I'm
sure your story will hold up in court
because we have it all on videotape some
guys react like this I'm gonna have to
make some adjustments to my statement
and some guys are just unhappy and some
okay when when the Thai police found out
found out that there was a recording a
videotape or an audio recording of this
sexual event and for some reason you
didn't want them to have it you aren't
happy about it you didn't think it would
vindicate your side of the story do you
think the police were born yesterday
you think they're new at this year game
homey you think they weren't paying real
close attention to what you said and how
you said it every time they brought up
this recording and you gave these really
evasive answers the you just were not
really interested in getting this
recording in it wouldn't make any
difference anyway what you spelled out
in your own version of events in this
video shows why the Thai police regarded
you as a [ __ ] artist
okay it would be very different if if
your attitude towards the zoo quick this
is one of the two points and what is the
other point that he claims shows that
the Thai police were incompetent
what was the other point this is the
only other description of his experience
with the Thai police good or bad his
only other complaint was they asked
Hanna to make a sworn deposition to make
a statement they asked her to tell her
story on the record and he vaguely says
like oh there would have had to be five
policemen in the room [ __ ]
you think that's incompetence I have to
tell the whole thing in front of like
five policemen or something it was just
a mess that is step one I have been hit
by a car and when I went to the police
to report it the process begins with me
giving a sworn deposition a statement
testimony whatever term you want to use
deposition United States is legally
accurate it begins and yet there may be
five cops in the room and I may be on
videotape and why would I be afraid of
that if I'm caught yeah the car hit me
I'm not lying to you oh are you willing
to make a sworn deposition the police
were very aggressive with me they really
interrogated the shindig I was screaming
at me about whether or not it was
ridiculous I got hit by a car I mean
it's not even a big deal to me
yeah this guy's really guys it was like
yeah sure give me the paperwork man you
have to sign this paper saying that you
told the truth and you have to have a
witness and if your witness the story
doesn't back yours up or you lied you're
gonna go to jail for did cops really
interrogated me yeah sure man it's cool
I got hit by a car yeah it's given bail
let's do it bro I was not easily
intimidated why do you why do you think
the cops do that Michael
it's because of people like you it's
because of people like you who dropped
the case when YouTube you just have to
make a statement on the record in what
parallel universe could this case have
proceeded past this point without Hannah
making a deposition what do you think
you went to the police asking them to
persecute a crime a crime that happened
years earlier I think about two years
earlier
a lot of time has passed you have no
interest in getting or giving them this
recording of what happened that
suspicious homie OG you got robbed at
gunpoint yeah the security camera
footage but you wouldn't want to see
that officer you wouldn't want to see
the security cam footage of what
happened during this whoa oh yeah I
think we would have you heard of the
word evidence before yeah yeah yeah
the police are interested in evidence
and you complain they're obsessed with
getting this recording okay and then
guess what even though you couldn't do
that they'd say well okay the next step
is you got it you got to make a
deposition you got to make a statement
you got to tell your story
whatever the guy would be five cops in
the room there's got to be an audio
recorder video where this probably got
to be a translator you're doing this in
English in Thailand hey you think that's
police incompetence the exact opposite
of those things would have been
incompetence this is police competence
how did you imagine they would proceed
with the case with no evidence and not
even a deposition from your girlfriend
they probably need a sworn deposition
from you too the only other explanation
so you says it was a mess like if you
think it's unreasonable for the police
to ask you to tell your side of the
story
they're not even confining you with
someone else's side there knocking
fortieth contrary evidence they're
asking you for your evidence in your
side of the story
and you feel persecuted you're doing all
this in English you're not providing a
translator anything in Thailand you're
not speaking Thai special snowflake
syndrome donut you know City Police
Department number six this is ridiculous
okay
it's only one other thing given its only
one other reason given for why quote
this was a mess and you gave up you drop
the case it's nobody else's fault but
yours homie you've come here on the
internet told us you've told us you in a
rock-solid case you told us you were
gonna win you're gonna go to court
you're gonna win you did a fundraiser
and everything all talk huh why did you
drop the case this case that means so
much to you he's trying to [ __ ] up my
life you try to start beef with me with
foot soldier with Dom Bao or your
war with the whole world over this case
you believe so much in why did you drop
it because it was a mess and I was
running out of days on my tie tourist
visa you were in Bangkok Thailand you
can take a bus to the border with
Cambodia in hours you can cross the
border into Cambodia you can get a new
tourist visa and you can come back and
you know what that bus is gonna be full
of other white guys who are on long term
vacation retirement
whatever it is who are doing exactly the
same [ __ ] if you want to Michael you can
keep going into Cambodia and have a
quick beach vacation and see an axillary
cap a lot of nice beaches there people
do that too and then come back to
Bangkok and keep going with your crusade
if your tourist visa was gonna end you
said your tour season was gonna end and
Hannah didn't want to make the
deposition alone dude that that is not
even a 1-day problem to take care of and
you know what else right there in Bank
I've done all this I have literally I've
taken that bus Michael I'm gonna tell
you some other [ __ ] homie if it was
durianrider he could have rode his bike
to the Cambodian border it's an easy
highway it's not that far a bike ride
you can drag your bike from Bangkok
Airport to the Cambodian border it is no
big deal if you didn't want to take the
bus the Cambodian border guess what
Michael you can't [ __ ] me I've done
all these things myself you can get
what's called a visa extension right
there in Bangkok and also my visa was
running out so I had to leave Thailand
on how I didn't want to do this alone
and it was just a mess I've been to the
office I've paid for a tourist visa visa
extension myself I've crossed the
Cambodian border
I've crossed a lotion border I've done
it all that's the other thing that's
weird about his lies right like he one
of his other lies is Oh will they
started he never defines what starting
means they started this defamation case
so we get the lawsuit started and we
wait for Harley to
get back to Estella but he doesn't go
back he hides out in Thailand so what we
decide to do after a while is to just
say screw it so we decide to do
afterwards to juice spirit they started
this defamation case but then then it
had to stop because during Ryder left
the country who do you think you're
talking to
III had a real defamation case against
daring writer with real legal paperwork
unlike your phony defamation case where
all you show is a receipt for five
thousand baht I don't know what you got
for those five husbands but help me I
don't think you I don't think you
started a defamation durianrider exited
reentered Thailand
I would guess twelve times he was
exiting and reentering Thailand
constantly during my legal case with him
and you're here telling us there was no
way to proceed with the legal case
because the kids durian riders fault so
he contact the New Zealand embassy and
they get or they recommend the lawyer
and we start the whole lawsuit there and
when we start to get the lawsuit running
of course Harley flees the country now
that we already were in Thailand we
decided to report the rape to had to
tell the whole thing in front of like
five policemen or something it was just
a mess
and also my visa was running out so I
had to leave Thailand and Hannah didn't
want to do this alone and it was just a
mess it's not that anyone told you your
case was [ __ ] and couldn't go
forward right it's not that the cops or
your lawyers or the embassy said to you
which is basically what we see really
politely in those messages look we've
done all we can do for you you don't
have a case here
[Music]
[Laughter]
situation where like yeah yeah this is
[ __ ] this is all gonna take two
minutes and to me it is [ __ ] this
whole thing is just a joke